#summary Frequently asked questions
#labels Featured,Phase-Support

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

==Where to get help?==
For any technical issue, please connect to our developer group: [https://groups.google.com/group/doubango https://groups.google.com/group/doubango].

==How to get notified for new updates?==
To get notified, please subscribe to our mailing list at [http://doubango.org/contact.html http://doubango.org/contact.html]

==Which operating systems are supported?==
Any System supporting a web browser (Chrome, firefox, Safari or IE) built with <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebRTC">WebRTC</a> features.
We highly recommend using <a href="https://www.google.com/intl/en/chrome/browser/">Google Chrome</a>

==Is it possible to call another HTML5 SIP client==
Yes

==Is it possible to call any SIP client?==
Yes... but the client must support all standards defined by the <a href="http://tools.ietf.org/wg/rtcweb/">RTCWeb</a> working group. We recommend these clients:
 * <a href="http://code.google.com/p/boghe/">Boghe</a> _2.0.100.701_ or later : Windows XP, Vista and 7
 * <a href="http://code.google.com/p/imsdroid/">IMSDroid</a> _2.0.491_ or later: Android
 * <a href="http://code.google.com/p/idoubs/">iDoubs</a>: iOS (iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch) and MAC OSX
...off course you don't need to install these applications if you are calling another HTML5 SIP client. <br />
For more information on how to configure these clients, please [Calling_SIP_clients click here]. <br />
We recommend checking the non-exhaustive list of [Public_SIP_Servers Public SIP Servers] known to work with sipML5.

==Is it possible to use Asterisk 11 to make/receive calls?==
~~More info at [https://wiki.asterisk.org/wiki/display/AST/Asterisk+WebRTC+Support https://wiki.asterisk.org/wiki/display/AST/Asterisk+WebRTC+Support]~~ <br />
Yes. Please check wiki page at [http://code.google.com/p/sipml5/wiki/Asterisk http://code.google.com/p/sipml5/wiki/Asterisk]

==Is it possible to run use sipml5 on Android and iOS?
Yes but it requires a browser with support for WebRTC and WebSocket. For now only Ericsson WebRTC implementation (https://labs.ericsson.com/blog/bowser-the-world-s-first-webrtc-enabled-mobile-browser) runs on these systems.
Issues on Ericsson WebRTC implementation: https://groups.google.com/group/ericsson-labs-web-rtc/browse_thread/thread/4acadd0da3fce37c